Weak feature dependencies (#591)
matrix-org/matrix-rust-sdk: crates/matrix-sdk/README.md

| Feature             | Default | Description                                                           |
| ------------------- | :-----: | --------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `anyhow`            |   No    | Better logging for event handlers that return `anyhow::Result`        |
| `e2e-encryption`    |   Yes   | Enable End-to-end encryption support                                  |
| `eyre`              |   No    | Better logging for event handlers that return `eyre::Result`          |
| `image-proc`        |   No    | Enables image processing to generate thumbnails                       |
| `image-rayon`       |   No    | Enables faster image processing                                       |
| `markdown`          |   No    | Support to send Markdown-formatted messages                           |
| `qrcode`            |   Yes   | QR code verification support                                          |
| `sled`              |   Yes   | Persistent storage of state and E2EE-Data using sled (if `e2e-encryption` is activated)

> | `indexdb`           |   No    | Persistent storage of state and E2EE-Data for browsers using indexeddb (if `e2e-encryption` is activated)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `indexeddb`           |   No    | Persistent storage of state and E2EE-Data for browsers using indexeddb (if `e2e-encryption` is activated)
```

Author: ```suggestion
| `indexeddb`         |   No    | Persistent storage of state and E2EE-Data for browsers using indexeddb (if `e2e-encryption` is activated)
```

| Feature             | Default | Description                                                           |
| ------------------- | :-----: | --------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `anyhow`            |   No    | Better logging for event handlers that return `anyhow::Result`        |
| `e2e-encryption`    |   Yes   | Enable End-to-end encryption support                                  |
| `eyre`              |   No    | Better logging for event handlers that return `eyre::Result`          |
| `image-proc`        |   No    | Enables image processing to generate thumbnails                       |
| `image-rayon`       |   No    | Enables faster image processing                                       |
| `markdown`          |   No    | Support to send Markdown-formatted messages                           |
| `qrcode`            |   Yes   | QR code verification support                                          |
| `sled`              |   Yes   | Persistent storage of state and E2EE-Data using sled (if `e2e-encryption` is activated)

> | `sled`              |   No    | Persistent storage of state and E2EE-Data for browsers using indexeddb (if `e2e-encryption` is activated)

Reviewer: I don't think we have two sled features :P

Author: ```suggestion
| `indexdb`           |   No    | Persistent storage of state and E2EE-Data for browsers using indexeddb (if `e2e-encryption` is activated)
```

> | `socks`             |   No    | Enables SOCKS support i        |n the default HTTP client, [`reqwest`]         |

Author: ```suggestion
| `socks`             |   No    | Enables SOCKS support in the default HTTP client, [`reqwest`]         |
```
